Hey Tingting
Look who that is
Am I blind?
Ye Feng, how did you know I was coming to participate?
The high-end card game of Yongning Club
Still dead and broken
Are you so funny
You don't have to play yourself like that
Am I wrong?
This Yongning Club is the most high-end cruise ship in Ningcheng
This chip is tens of thousands
It's a place where migrant workers like you who move bricks can afford to play
I see he's just out of money
Waiting to mix up our leftovers
I don't know
Am I wrong?
You can exchange your salary for the chips here.
I think it is estimated that he stole something from your house and sold it.
I barely managed to scrape together a ticket to visit
Redeem a free chip
Hahahaha
Aren't you ashamed of that?
Look at the face of our Tingting
You kneel down now and make me happy
I'll introduce you to a job
Go to our previous life group to be a security guard
2,000 a month.
Are you satisfied? You are just too kind.
Ye Feng, did you hear me?
Less money to give you a job
Why don't you hurry up to Endade?
Get under his crotch
If I Were You
I took this opportunity to kneel to him
I'm afraid his life is too light
I can't take it. I can't take it.
You're out of the house now.
You are nothing
Why don't you take the opportunity to thank him?
I want to sprinkle it elsewhere
I have served your father for the past three years
It's already your father's life-saving grace
Get out of here and watch me breathe
Boy, I don't think you can tell the difference now
In Ningcheng, as long as I say a word
You can cut off your secondary corpse
Let you lie under the bridge hole and never get out
So now you kneel down and kowtow to Tingting and apologize
I'll just break your feet
Let you crawl to the hospital
Really? You have so much ability